docs: Document custom telemetry tags (#4668)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/hosting/logging-monitoring/opentelemetry.md

## Add custom attributes to node spans

> You can add custom attributes to node spans from the node settings or from custom node code. n8n exports them as `n8n.node.custom.<key>` attributes. They only appear on node spans and aren't exported when `N8N_OTEL_TRACES_INCLUDE_NODE_SPANS=false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add custom attributes to node spans from the node settings or (if building a custom node) from within the `execute` method. n8n exports them as `n8n.node.custom.<key>` attributes. They only appear on node spans and aren't exported when `N8N_OTEL_TRACES_INCLUDE_NODE_SPANS=false`.
```

### Add tags in the node settings

> /// info | Available from n8n@2.22.0

Reviewer 2: Nit: Personally I prefer to include the "Available from..." inside the alert box, because I find it's easier to spot than the bold text on the colored title.
